CURRENT STATE                   SIGNAL          NEXT STATE                      EVENTS/EFFECT

connected-closed                request         connected-closed-waiting        request event
connected-closed                cancel          connected-closed                no event
connected-closed                confirm         connected-closed                no event
connected-closed                heartbeat       connected-closed                no event

connected-closed-waiting        request         connected-closed                request event
connected-closed-waiting        cancel          connected-closed                request event
connected-closed-waiting        confirm         connected-opened                opened event
connected-closed-waiting        heartbeat       connected-closed-waiting        no event, timeout is reset

connected-opened                request         connected-opened-pending        request event
connected-opened                cancel          connected-opened-pending        request event
connected-opened                confirm         connected-opened                no event
connected-opened                heartbeat       connected-opened                no event

connected-opened-pending        request         connected-opened-pending        no event
connected-opened-pending        cancel          connected-opened-pending        no event
connected-opened-pending        confirm         connected-opened-pending        no event
connected-opened-pending        heartbeat       connected-opened-pending        no event


disconnected-closed             request         disconnected-closed-waiting     request event
disconnected-closed             cancel          disconnected-closed             no event
disconnected-closed             confirm         disconnected-closed             no event
disconnected-closed             heartbeat       disconnected-closed             no event

disconnected-closed-waiting     request         disconnected-closed             request event
disconnected-closed-waiting     cancel          disconnected-closed             request event
disconnected-closed-waiting     confirm         disconnected-opened             opened event
disconnected-closed-waiting     heartbeat       disconnected-closed-waiting     no event, timeout is reset

disconnected-opened             request         disconnected-opened-pending     request event
disconnected-opened             cancel          disconnected-opened-pending     request event
disconnected-opened             confirm         disconnected-opened             no event
disconnected-opened             heartbeat       disconnected-opened             no event

disconnected-opened-pending     request         disconnected-opened-pending     no event
disconnected-opened-pending     cancel          disconnected-opened-pending     no event
disconnected-opened-pending     confirm         disconnected-opened-pending     no event
disconnected-opened-pending     heartbeat       disconnected-opened-pending     no event
